Domain decomposition solver for the Helmholtz equation
------------------------------------------------------

The core DDM code is contained in the 'main' directory.  The two
files: 'Helmholtz.pro' and 'DDM_sweep.pro' respectively address the
classical and DDM formulations. The user should simply include
'../main/Helmholtz.pro' (using the getdp command: Include
"pathTo/myFile.pro") at the end of the main '.pro' file of the
problem.

Several regions are defined in these files that must be properly
referenced (even if they are empty) by the user and match the physical
regions of the mesh. This is usually done in a separate file to be
included in the main problem file. These regions are:

 * Omega~{i}: the interior of the i-th subdomain;
 * GammaInf~{i}: the portion of its boundary with Sommerfeld condition;
 * GammaD~{i}: the portion of its boundary with Dirichlet condition;
 * GammaN~{i}: the portion of its boundary with Neumann condition;
 * Sigma~{i}~{j}: the artificial interfaces (j = 0,1 for left,right);
 * Sigma~{i}: the union of Sigma~{i}~{0} and Sigma~{i}~{1}.

Indices should range from 0 to N_DOM-1. Similar regions (with the
exception of Sigma) should be defined, without indices, for the full
domain.

Different transmission conditions are available in the DDM
formulation. One of them must be selected among EMDA, OSRC or OO2 by
setting the corresponding flag in the configuration file to 1 and all
others to 0. Each of them has parameters; default values are specified
in the file 'tcDefaults.pro' that can be included at the beginning of
the problem file for simplicity.
			   FIXME: do it !!

The PRECOND_SWEEP flag must be set/unset to enable/disable the double
sweep preconditioner, that can significantly improve the convergence
rate in the case of layered (1d-like) decompositions when many
subdomains are involved, with an increased iteration cost.

Some additional functions must be specified by the user. They are:

 * k[]: the wavenumber (a constant in homogeneous media);
 * kInf[]: the wavenumber to be used in the Sommerfeld condition;
 * kDtn[]: the wavenumber to be used in the transmission conditions;
 * uInc[]: the Dirichlet data to be imposed on GammaD;
 * F_SOURCE[]: the volumic source function.

With the exception of some particular problems (namely waveguide
problems), they can simply be set to the wavenumber of the problem.

The DDM solver is called by the following command line:

  getdp myProblem.pro -sol DDM -v 0 -bin -ksp_monitor

(The -v 0 and -ksp_monitor options make the output more readable, -bin
speeds up the writing of the solution.) A full solution can be
computed by calling:

  getdp myProblem.pro -sol Full -bin

The solutions are written as 'u%d.pos' on each subdomain or 'u.pos'
for the full solution.