$Id: CREDITS,v 1.2 2003-07-26 04:25:46 geuzaine Exp $

GetDP is copyright (c) 1997-2003 Patrick Dular
<patrick.dular@ulg.ac.be> and Christophe Geuzaine
<geuzaine@acm.caltech.edu>.

GetDP has been developed over the years by David Colignon
<david.colignon@ulg.ac.be>, Patrick Dular <patrick.dular@ulg.ac.be>,
Christophe Geuzaine <geuzaine@acm.caltech.edu>, Johan Gyselinck
<johan.gyselinck@ulg.ac.be>, Tuan Ledinh
<tuan.ledinh@student.ulg.ac.be>, Patrick Lefevre
<P.Lefevre@ulg.ac.be>, Andre Nicolet <andre.nicolet@fresnel.fr>,
Jean-Francois Remacle <remacle@scorec.rpi.edu>, Ruth Sabariego
<ruth.sabariego@student.ulg.ac.be>, Timo Tarhasaari
<timo.tarhasaari@tut.fi>, Christophe Trophime
<trophime@labs.polycnrs-gre.fr> and Marc Ume
<Marc.Ume@digitalgraphics.be>.

The AVL tree code (DataStr/avl.*) is copyright (c) 1988-1993, 1995 The
Regents of the University of California. Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any
purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation,
and that the name of the University of California not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.  The University of
California makes no representations about the suitability of this
software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or
implied warranty.

The readine utility (Post/Post_ReadLine.c) is copyright (C) 1986 -
1993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. Permission to use, copy, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose with or
without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.

This version of GetDP may also contain code (in the Sparskit
subdirectory) copyright (c) 1990 Yousef Saad: check the configuration
options.

Thanks to the following folks who have contributed by providing fresh
ideas on theoretical or programming topics, who have sent patches,
requests for changes or improvements, or who gave us access to exotic
machines for testing GetDP: Olivier Adam <o.adam@ulg.ac.be>, Alejandro
Angulo <aacusm@yahoo.com>, Geoffrey Deliege
<deliege@mailserv.esat.kuleuven.ac.be>, Mark Evans <evans@gte.net>,
Philippe Geuzaine <geuzaine@gnat.colorado.edu>, Eric Godard
<godard@montefiore.ulg.ac.be>, Sebastien Guenneau
<guenneau@liverpool.ac.uk>, Francois Henrotte
<fhenrott@esat.kuleuven.ac.be>, Daniel Kedzierski
<kedzierski@uol.com.br>, Samuel Kvasnica <kvasnica@iaee.tuwien.ac.at>,
Benoit Meys <bmeys@techspace-aero.be>, Uwe Pahner
<uwe.pahner@esat.kuleuven.ac.be>, Georgia Psoni and Robert Struijs
<gpsoni@free.fr>, Ahmed Rassili <a.rassili@ulg.ac.be>, Thierry
Scordilis <t.scordilis@atral.fr> and Herve Tortel
<tortel@loe.u-3mrs.fr>.
