
GETDP FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ($Date: 2003-01-26 18:25:20 $)

1. GENERAL
==========

1.1) What is GetDP?

GetDP is a scientific software environment for the numerical solution
of integro-differential equations, open to the coupling of physical
problems (electromagnetic, thermal, mechanical, etc) as well as of
numerical methods (finite element method, integral methods, etc). It
can deal with such problems of various dimensions (1D, 2D, 2D
axisymmetric or 3D) and time states (static, transient or
harmonic). The main feature of GetDP is the closeness between the
organization of data defining discrete problems (written by the user
in ASCII data files) and the symbolic mathematical expressions of
these problems.

1.2) What does 'GetDP' mean?

General environment for the treatment of Discrete Problems

1.3) Where can I find more information?

<http://www.geuz.org/getdp/> is the primary site to obtain information
about GetDP. You will find a short presentation, a complete reference
guide as well as a searchable archive of the GetDP mailing list
(<getdp@geuz.org>) on this site.


2. INSTALLATION
===============

2.1) Which OSes does GetDP run on?

Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, Linux (with glibc > 2.1), Mac OS X, Compaq
Tru64 Unix (aka OSF1), Sun OS, IBM AIX, SGI IRIX, HP-UX.

2.2) When I run GetDP, I get the message  "getdp: /sbin/loader: Fatal Error: 
cannot map libUfor.so" (or a similar message). What's that?

The fortran libraries are not installed on your system. GetDP needs
these libraries for its default linear solvers. Ask your system
manager to install these libraries. (Check which libraries are needed
by typing 'ldd getdp-name').


3. USING GETDP
==============

3.1) How can I provide a mesh to GetDP?

The only meshing format accepted by this version of GetDP is the 'msh'
format created by Gmsh (<http://www.geuz.org/gmsh>). This format being
very simple (see the reference GetDP manual for more details), it
should be straightforward to write a converter from your mesh format
to the 'msh' format.

3.2) How can I visualize the results produced by GetDP?  

You can specify a format in all post-processing operations. Available
formats include 'Table', 'TimeTable' and 'Gmsh'. 'Table' and
'TimeTable' output lists of numbers easily readable by
Excel/gnuplot/Caleida Graph/etc. 'Gmsh' outputs post-processing views
directly loadable by Gmsh.

3.3) How do I change the linear solver used by GetDP?

Edit the 'solver.par' file in the current working directory. You can
also remove the file: GetDP will give you the opportunity to create it
dynamically next time you perform a linear system solving.

