$Date: 2003-01-24 23:04:09 $

0.86: Updated Gmsh output format; many small bug fixes;

0.85: Upgraded communication interface with Gmsh; New ChangeOfValues
option in PostOperation; Many internal changes;

0.84: New ChangeOfCoordinate option in PostOperation; Fixed crash in
InterpolationAkima; Improved interactive postprocessing (-ipos);
Changed syntax of parametric OnGrid ($S, $T -> $A, $B, $C); Corrected
Skin for non simplicial meshes; Fixed floating point exception in
diagonal matrix scaling; Many other small fixes and clean-ups;

0.83: Fixed bugs in SaveSolutions[] and InitSolution[]; Fixed
corrupted binary post-processing files in the harmonic case for the
Gmsh format; Output files are now created relatively to the input file
directory; Made solver options available on the command line; Added
optional matrix scaling and changed default parameter file name to
'solver.par' (Warning: please check the scaling definition in your old
SOLVER.PAR files); Generalized syntax for lists (start:[incr]end ->
start:end:incr); Updated reference guide; Added a new short
presentation on the web site; OnCut -> OnSection; New functional
syntax for resolution operations (e.g. Generate X -> Generate[X]);
Many other small fixes and clean-ups;

0.82: Added communication socket for interactive use with Gmsh;
corrected (again) memory problem (leak + seg. fault) in time stepping
schemes; corrected bug in Update[];

0.81: Generalization of transformation jacobians (spherical and
rectangular, with optional parameters); changed handling of missing
command line arguments; enhanced Print OnCut; fixed memory leak for
time domain analysis of coupled problems; -name option; Fixed
seg. fault in ILUK;

0.80: Fixed computation of time derivatives on first time step (in
post-processing); Added tolerance in transformation jacobians; Fixed
parsing of DOS files (carriage return problems); Automatic memory
reallocation in ILUD|K;

0.79: Various bug fixes (mainly for the post-processing of intergal
quantities); Automatic treatment of degenerated cases in
axisymmetrical problems;

0.78: Various bug fixes;

0.77: Changed syntax for PostOperations (Plot suppressed in favour of
Print; Plot OnRegion becomes Print OnElementsOf); Changed table
oriented post-processing formats; New binary formats; New error
diagnostics;

0.76: Reorganized high order shape functions; Optimization of the
post-processing (faster and less bloated); Lots of internal cleaning;

0.74: High order shape functions; lots of small bug fixes;

0.73: Eigen value problems (Lanczos); minor corrections;

0.7: constraint syntax; fourier transform; unary minus correction;
complex integral quantity correction; separate iteration matrix
generation;

0.6: Second order time derivatives; Newton nonlinear scheme; Newmark
time stepping scheme; global quantity syntax; interactive
post-processing; tensors; integral quantities; post-processing
facilities;

0.3: First distributed version;
